Update data-grid-2.md (#10272)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/marketplace/platform-supported-content/modules/data-widgets/data-grid-2.md

To achieve this behavior, set the **On click trigger** to **Double click**. When a data grid is configured this way, the user may select a row by double-clicking it.

### Selection and Header Actions

When the button is placed in a grid header, the assigned action can receive the currently selected rows as a parameter.

#### How Selection is passed to Actions
When a button placed in header triggers a **microflow** or **nanoflow**, the selected rows are passed as input:

- If **Single Selection** is enabled:
  - The action receives a **single object**.
- If **Multiple Selection** is enabled:
  - The action receives a **list of objects**.

This allows developers to build logic that operates on one or many items.

#### Example use cases
- **Mark as Done**: A button triggers a microflow that updates the status of selected tasks.
- **Delete Selected**: A button deletes all selected records.

> - **Export Selected**: A button exports selected rows to a file.

Reviewer: Do we have this functionality?

Author: Improved the wording

To achieve this behavior, set the **On click trigger** to **Double click**. When a data grid is configured this way, the user may select a row by double-clicking it.

### Selection and Header Actions

> Selected rows can be passed to actions triggered by buttons in the grid header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the button is placed in a grid header, the assigned action can receive the currently selected rows as a parameter.
```

#### Header Action buttons

> Header action buttons are placed in the **Header** above the grid. These buttons are used to perform actions on selected rows.

Reviewer 2: We don't have special "Header action buttons", remove this section.

#### How Selection is passed to Actions

> When a header action button triggers a **microflow** or **nanoflow**, the selected rows are passed as input:

Reviewer 2: "When button placed in header triggers a ..."
